Quan Quan is with his panda foster mom
at the moment but it's Ling Ling's turn
for some mummy me time and three months
old
the twins are swapped every five days
the keepers destructor with bamboo -
separator from Quang Quang while mum
tucks into the green stuff
the keepers remove the youngster
[Music]
it is essential the swap happens quickly
before foster mom notices baby is
missing
a bamboo distraction can only last so
long with Quan Quan delivered to the
nursery the race is on to get his twin
brother Ling Bing to their panda foster
mom as quickly as possible not many
animals would take their own babies back
after human intervention let alone
someone else's
around breaking techniques like a panda
foster moms are helping to save a
species all that's left to do is slide
the door open
[Applause]
she goes straight to Ling Bing and
starts grooming him
[Music]
as tender as a mother could be it's as
if he's never been away
[Music]